ae
Talk to youtube beauty top craft of
back here after a long week
Looking for a trip and I'm coming back here today.
It's for you how to plant
these two types of google - you can
see on the ground that little shit record and
all this Pintadinho'll teach you a
to plant it to cultivate it you can have
one of you will be able to do a 30
thousand
we will need water in buckets of water
It's a hole in the floor it makes a hole in the
takagui floor picked up and hit melo da cunha
that you do not want that color not
I want to play water without water does not work
People here play the guys here.
work ready now it's just you and
breaking her she 'll group something better
for you
now let's try to plant the other goal
hugo melo you try to make an altar
so it was for him so proven in
who I'm going to show here if it's the same
thing with the other car a hole makes a
hole plays water while google melo
it's out of use
she grows up and half the ass inside
understand that sometimes you can stay
trapped inside
so I decided to do it neither jump zink
better not
It's just you breaking it, too.
break his hand and he's going to change the
game - you already have seven
here is very easy to collect and was
guys I wanted to be here today
I hope you have enjoyed it if you
Did you really like her forget to give
your ladybug
do not forget to sign up share
add to favorites and send a
Kisses said